LIAM:
Hey, hey. Buttons?
Or no buttons?
I know it's the first day
of your movie shooting,
but you do know you're not
actually in the movie, right?
But I still want to
wear the right thing.
You know, something
that says "cool but...
you know, brainy
Hollywood screenwriter."
I wouldn't even know
where to start with that.
But buttons make it seem
like you're trying too hard
on your first day of school.
I can't believe this
is finally happening.
I mean, they're really
making a movie of my book!
I know. It's
gonna be amazing,
just like the cool
yet brainy writer behind it.
Plus, you've got Janelle Crowley
playing me. It's perfect.
I hope so. I sent her a flower
arrangement for good luck.[phone chimes]
Sounds a little unimaginative
now that I think about it.
Oh, my God.
My mother is insane.
I cannot wait until her
partnership with Adam implodes.
They're already fighting?
No, she's just blowing up
my phone.
She's sending me articles
about Alexam.
Apparently, sales are "brisk"
and she wants to make sure
to share that news with me.
Well, here's an idea:
share that news
with your business partner.
Sorry. Now back to you.
You know it's cliché
to have an affair
with the lead actress.
Should I be worried?
[phone chimes, buzzes]
I only have eyes
for the real Fallon.
In fact, let's ignore our
phones, try to make a baby.
I mean, I've got 20 minutes
before I have to leave.
Plus, it'll cure my
first-day jitters.
Oh. I have a meeting
I can't be late for.
The board is reviewing
my proposal
to turn our facilities
eco-friendly.
Once they approve,
our offices
will be greener
than Kermit the Frog.
Plus, Baby Carrington
will have a healthier planet.
And now I have 19 minutes.
Okay. But skip the foreplay.
Not a problem.
[chiming, buzzing]
SAM:
So?
What did you think?
Uh, that was quite
a breakfast, Sam.
I didn't know something called
"grits" could be so tasty.
Cornmeal and butter--
you can't go wrong.
Plus, I wanted to cook you
a big Southern breakfast
for finishing
your chemo treatments.
You're cancer-free.
We should celebrate.
Isn't that what we're doing?
No, this is just breakfast.
I thought we could do some
father-and-son bonding today.
American-style.
Do you like watching sports?
Eh, prefer to play.
Mostly fútbol.
Mm.
Don't you have a hotel to run?
It seems very busy
at La Mirage.
Nah. Don't worry about me.
The place
practically runs itself.
And I'm only a call away
if there's a problem.
My flight to Caracas
is in a couple of days,
and I need to wrap business
up here with the horses.
I'm sorry,
but we can catch a
game next time. Okay?
Uh, yeah, yeah. Of course.
I'll see you later.
CRISTAL:
Not eating
your biscuits?
Something must really be wrong.
I lost my appetite
after that talk.
I overheard
the end of it.
Sounds like you and Daniel
both got a lot out of this.
I'm not ready for him to leave.
Then maybe
you should tell him that.
No. No, absolutely not.
I want him to decide
on his own to stay.
I just...[sighs]
I have to give him a little
nudge to help him realize that.
ADAM:
Mother, I really need to talk
to you about...One moment, darling.
I am just sending
one more
glowing article
about Alexam to Fallon.
Even has your name in it.
Really? Show me.
Oh. Oops, that's
just my name again.
But she is being
so supportive.
See? She even sent me
a thumbs-up.
[snorts]
That's not a thumb.[phone ringing, buzzing]
Uh...
So, now that we're a success,
we need to think about
expanding our line.
You know, focusing on
the next generation
of anti-aging
treatments.
This generation just started.
So, remember the cosmetic
party that you crashed?
I was testing out
injectable serums
derived from rare
herbal extracts
from overseas that erase
years off of people's faces.
Sounds intriguing.
So it's ready to go?
Not quite yet. It
needs more seed money
before we can produce
on a large scale.
But as soon as we do,
it-it'll redefine the industry.
Pass. We don't have
the cash or the success
to start a new line
from scratch yet.
Yeah, well, I-I think
that would be a mistake.
This will be a game
changer for Alexam.
For Alexam? Or you?
I can't help but think
that this has something to do
with your ego being bruised
because I'm the face
of the company.
Well, that's insulting
and shortsighted
and, mm, yeah, insulting.
Fine. If you can fund it
and develop it yourself
and it works,
we'll bring in a new line
under your name.
FALLON:
Ellen,
I see the board
decided to send you.
Again.
How did the meeting go?Very well.
We discussed your plan,
and everyone loves
the modernization ideas.
Wow. I have to say,
it is so nice having you
here with some good news
for a change.
I can't wait to get started.
Well, you're gonna have to.
Wait, that is.
You see, as much
as we love the ideas,
we don't have the budget
to make drastic changes.
There's the Ellen I know.
The only thing drastic
about my plan
is how great it is.
If we don't move to a
more sustainable model,
we will not attract
the next generation
of employees and consumers.
Not to mention,
what does it look like
if the owner of
Morell Green Energy
hasn't fully committed
to green energy?
We all want to save
the planet, Fallon.
But our job as board members
is to protect
the company's bottom line.
Sales at FSN are so flat,
they're almost invisible.
Okay, well, you know,
the Dom-Mystique clothing
line is a solid moneymaker.
I mean, her Dominoes tune
in every Thursday night.
It's, uh, what Dominique's
fans call themselves.
Yes. The same number of fans
that show up every week.
You need new eyeballs.
And new sales.
Well, that's easier
said than done.
Well, just boost sales
with an exciting product
with a big profit margin,
like jewelry
or beauty products.
Then we can revisit
your proposal.
Hey, I got your message
to come down right away.
What's the emergency?
I know you're busy,
but, um, I just got bit.
Bit? By what?
By the horse racing bug.
[laughs]
Well, obviously your
love for the sport
has rubbed off on me.
Or was already in my blood,
and now I get a chance
to learn from the best.
I don't know about the best,
but I'm happy to share
what I know with you.
Perfect, because
I bought a horse,
and I would love your opinion.
Claro que sí.I can
take a break from packing
and head out to the stables
later with you today.Yeah, yeah.
But why wait for later
when we can do it now?
[whistles]
[horse neighs]
What do you think?
I think there's a horse
looking to valet park.[laughs]
[car horn honks]MAN: Move your horse!
But he's beautiful,
though, right?
I would love for you to stay
in Atlanta and train him.
I think we could do
great things together.
Me and you and my horse.
Sam, I told you I'm leaving.
I know. And I said I was okay
with it, but I'm not.
We haven't had enough time
together, and that's the truth.
I agree, but...
I can't change my plans.
I miss Caracas.
You know, the people, the food.
La cultura venezolana.
I got a life there, too,
but I'll return
as soon as I can.
Okay?Okay.
Ooh! Just a little
congratulatory gift basket
to celebrate Alexam's
budding success.
I don't believe it.What's not to believe?
The basket of fruit
sitting right in front of you?
Number one,
you are never happy
for anybody else's success,
especially not a relative.
Number two, sales are good,
but they're not pineapple good.
First off, I resent
your number one.
And as for number two,
I can help you.
I have a plan to help
boost your sales
beyond your wildest projections.
I know what my
projections are,
and I know who
my children are,
so get to the point about
you needing something from me.
We need each other.
I want you to sell
Alexam products
on my shopping network;
we need a fresh new company.
And you need a new
sales outlet.
No, thanks.
Well, can you at least
let me finish
before you shut me down?
Never mind, I guess
I am finished.
You know what?
I'll think on it.
But only if my show is
Thursdays at 5:00.
Uh, Thursdays at 5:00?
But that's Dominique's spot.
Exactly. Now, I have a
phone call that I have to make,
so you can
see yourself out, right?
♪
MICHAEL:
I think it's great. We'll see
what the director says.
Hey, I've been
looking for you.
There was a problem.
Yeah, I know.
I got your vague message.
The actress who's playing
Ainsley had to drop out.
Personal issues.
Meanwhile,
the part starts
shooting tomorrow.
Okay. I'll call
our casting director.
There's another actress
that I really like.
No need. Time is
of the essence,
so I hired a local actress.
She's perfect for the part,
and I took money
out of the wardrobe budget
to cover her higher salary.
Okay. Does she have a name?
Yeah, it's Alexandra Harris.
She prefers the
stage name Sasha.
Wait, Sasha--
The model you're dating Sasha?
Model/actress.
Since when?
And Nina was okay with this?
I mean, she wasn't thrilled.
She's not thrilled with
anything that I do,
even when it's being
a good producer.
Besides, she was way
too busy... with this.
Nina took a stab at
rewriting that scene.
Yeah, with a hatchet.
She cut half of it
and changed the rest, but no,
we didn't discuss any of this.
She said as written it would
have taken her over schedule.
[sighs] I mean,
you fought for me, right?
Well, I had just told
her about Sasha,
and I didn't want
to push my luck.
There are bigger
battles to fight.
Yeah, well, that's easy
for you to say.
You're winning your battles.
This champagne is to celebrate
your first 200 hours
as a valued FSN vendor.
It's a team effort,
but mostly me, though.
Well, hold on to your
designer shoes.
You are about to be the first
to hear about
the changes to our schedule.
Please enlighten me.
We want to expose
our biggest stars
to different audiences.
You know, the ones who
don't always tune in
at the heaviest hours.
So we've come up
with the idea
to put our top sellers on
in the morning hours.
It's pretty revolutionary.
I must admit I respect you and
your forward thinking, Fallon.
Thank you. You know, with the
current television landscape,
viewing trends are
always changing,
and you know what they say
about the early bird.
She sells the clothes.
All good points.
Just be sure to repeat them
to whoever gets moved there,
because it won't be me.
What happened to respecting
my forward thinking?
I respect my contract more.
The one that guarantees my spot
on Thursdays
at 5:00.
[chuckles]
The Dominoes expect me
at that hour.
No need to reinvent the deal.
I'll be at lunch if you need me.
[playing upbeat Latin music]
♪
Why is there an episode
of I Love Lucy
going on in my house?
Did I step into
the Tropicana club?
Watch your microaggressions,
please.
Still haven't explained why
they're in my living room.
I'm planning a Latin night
at the club,
so I'm auditioning bands.
Daniel misses home,
so I'm bringing
a little piece of Caracas
to Atlanta.
Yes, Cristal said something
about that.
Could they take a short break?
[speaking Spanish]
Gracias.
Look, I'm sorry that
Daniel's leaving.
Oh, no, that's the point.
After he hears the music
and tastes the traditional
Venezuelan menu I'm working on,
he's not gonna want
to go anywhere.
So that's what smells
so good?Mm-hmm.
Before I head into the kitchen,
can I, um...
can I give you some advice?
Making Georgia seem
like Venezuela
is not gonna get him to stay.
Showing him how great
Atlanta can be
with a wealthy
and well-connected son,
that's a much more
convincing way
to get him to spend
his life here.
LIAM:
Hey,
is it okay if I work here?
There's a battle of the bands
going on at the manor.
Oh, I saw. It's all over
Sam's social.
Yeah. Use my desk.
Thank you.
So how was your first day?
Did the other kids play nice?
Actually, no.
The director rewrote a scene,
and now it's all wrong.
Well, you're the writer.
Change it back.
Well, that's not really
how it works.
I mean, I can fix it,
but I want to be
a good collaborator.
And then Culhane cast his...
[exhales sharply]
You know what?
It just wasn't a great day.
Well, if it makes you
feel any better,
my day was also bad.
I had to deal with
two spoiled kids
fighting over the same toy.
Alexis and Dom.
Okay...
Alexis wants Dom's time slot,
but Dom won't budge
because of her
54-page ironclad contract.
But if Alexis doesn't get
the time she wants,
then she won't come on FSN.
And if she doesn't come on FSN,
then I won't get new revenue.
And without revenue, the board
will reject my green initiative.
That does sound like a pickle.A pickle?
Are you even listening to me?
A little.
Sorry, I just-- I-I really
need to get this done.
I can't exactly kick
this can down the road.
[ding]
You can't, but I can.
I just have to buy
a little time
until I can convince
one of them
to change their time slot.
That's a great idea.
[phone rings, buzzes]
Hello, hi, I am here.
Are you on your wa...?
What do you mean it's gone?
Well, then, we just have
to get some more.
We have a deal.
No, I--
No, wait, don't...
[loud clang]WOMAN:
Oh.
Everything okay over here?
You're scaring the customers.
Oh, yeah, things are just great.
Okay, well, maybe next time
we just end the call
instead of slamming
the phone down
'cause someone doesn't want
to have lunch with you.
It wasn't just lunch.
All right, well,
if you must know, I was...
I was meeting an importer
so I could buy his supply
of Bokocho extract,
which isn't legal here
in the U.S. yet.
Okay, should I be
hearing this?
Am I gonna become
an accessory to something?
No, it doesn't matter.
It was...
it was seized and impounded
by Customs.
This deal was gonna change
so many people's lives.
Especially mine.
I really thought
I was gonna make
a name for myself.
So just find some other way.
Look, I started out
as Blake's driver.
A few other stops
along the way,
now I'm a film producer.
Is this the longest conversation
we've had
without mentioning...
electrocution?
Probably.
So we should end it before
it gets too awkward.
Okay.
You are a Carrington, man.
That name should open
a few doors.
You want to be a success,
you find someone who
says yes to you.
[phone ringing, buzzing]
Ah, could be opportunity
calling you back.
It's Jeff.
Ignore.
Fallon, do you think we should
give ten percent off to...
Wait, what do you mean
you aren't finished
with the contract yet?
Did you actually pass
the bar exam?
Yeah? Well, good.
Now I can officially
have you disbarred.
Something wrong?
Oh, my God.
[exhales sharply]
I didn't even see you come in.
But I'm glad you're here.
The lawyers are still
hashing out your contract,
so legally I can't put you
on the air tonight.
Or indefinitely
until it's done.
But this was my premiere.
I know, I know,
and you'll still have one,
it just won't be tonight.
You know, hopefully next week,
in the highest-rated
time slot we have.
Maybe this whole thing
isn't going to work out.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I need Alexam, and if
we had a contract,
I would put you on,
but I don't.
So maybe I can help you get
an early jump on sales
and put Alexam
on the FSN website?
It's not the worst idea.
Might build some anticipation
for my debut.
Exactly.
You do that, and I'll
be in touch.Okay.
BETTY:
Well, that went well.
And it's wonderful Ms. Devereaux
has agreed to step aside
next week for your mother.
Women supporting women.
It's kind of my mantra.
Then I suggest you get
a new mantra, Betty,
because none of that was true.
Dom's agreed to nothing,
Legal wasn't on the phone,
and I am just pushing this
problem down the road.
But if you have any great advice
for this woman, I'm all ears.
Uh...
No? No advice.
Didn't think so.
Why don't you go figure out
your new mantra?
Okay, so can we make
this four-shot work here?
WOMAN: Uh-huh.Nina, hey, you got a minute?
Uh, yeah. For you
I've got five.
Did you get a chance
to check out
any of the footage
from yesterday?
Janelle was amazing and
such a dream to work with.
Must have been the flowers
I sent her.
Well, it was only day one.
Come and talk to me
on day seven.
Yeah, and speaking
of seven...teen,
I rewrote your rewrite
of scene 17 last night.
Now, I-I think these adjustments
might help with the story
and still fit in the schedule.
Oh, Carrie didn't tell you.
We cut it. The shooting
schedule's just too tight.
Yeah...This is what happens
in the indie world.
We only have a few weeks
to get the entire thing done,
and Carrie said we just
couldn't make it work.
Okay, but that scene's key
to the relationship.
And also, who's Carrie?
The first A.D.?
Assistant director?
I promise you the audience
won't know what they're missing.
Well, I'll know.
Liam, look,
the reality is, film is
more of a director's medium.
Screenwriters really
aren't necessary
once production begins.
Definitely not on set.
But you can watch
the dailies from home.
Good to see you.
Well, thank you for coming in,
Commissioner Defilippo.
It's the least I can do.
The Carringtons do so much
for the community.
As do you, Customs Commissioner.
It must be a busy job
keeping dangerous imports
out of the state.
Maybe it's time you get
to the point, Mr. Carrington.
Dr. Carrington.
And the point is,
I need some information on
a shipment of Bokocho extract
that you seized from
Balian Imports.
Information?
Location of where you store
impounded goods.
Plus, the security detail
should probably be
conveniently somewhere else
at a certain time.
What you're asking me
is illegal.
Now you get it.
So, this is the tracking number
that I have
and all other information.
I can't do this.
I'm sorry.
Hey, this position
that you have
is an elected one, right?
Here, let me get
the door for you.
Because I seem to remember
my family donating
pretty generously to
your last campaign.
It'd be a real shame if
we had to throw our support
behind, I don't know,
your next opponent.
[exhales sharply]
Let me see what I can find out.
Great. Thank you.
Was that, uh...?
Why have you been bothering me
for the last two days?
How do you even have
my number?
Did I miss the part
where we became friends?
Oh, you did not
because we are not.
But I do remember the moment
when you almost killed me
with lead poisoning.
So I'm thinking you owe me one.
Yeah, we'll call it even
if you get me
into Plenexia Pharmaceuticals'
open house party.
That's right, I seem to remember
giving you half of a liver.
No, I-I can't get you
into Plenexia's party.
Um, just buy your own ticket.
It's not Hamilton,okay?
I can't just go online
and outbid someone.
This event is for
medical professionals only.
And as chief of staff,
you're on the guest list,
plus one.
Yeah, I-I don't think
I can help you.
Well, I could,
but I don't want to?
Look, it's, um, it's vital
I get into this party, okay?
I wouldn't be here
if it wasn't important.
It's not as important as
what I have going on.
All right?
Maybe next year.
FALLON:
Okay, the show starts
in 30 minutes.
Tell Dominique I need
to see her here at least
ten minutes before that.
And don't let her bully you.Fallon!
You're not supposed to be here.
Good news. I got a quick,
temporary contract drawn up.
So all you need to do
is sign it,
get rid of these clothes,
and we're good.
Mother, contract or not,
you can't just show up here
and waltz onto set
like you run the place.
You didn't even bring
any product with you.
Boys!
You should probably go tell...DOMINIQUE: Alexis?
[clears throat]
What the hell are
you doing here?
Is she the one you wanted
to give my spot to?
No.
Excuse me?
Yes. Uh, well, no, no.
And yes. It's complicated.
You promised me Thursdays
at 5:00.
We now have a contract,
so you need to tell her
to pack it up.
This is my time slot, Fallon.
I did not build up
my company and my audience
so this relationship-destroying
opportunist can ride
my coattails.
All right, everybody,
let's calm down.
I need to go figure this out,
and I can't do that
with you two arguing.
So... I need a minute.
DANIEL:
Is this what you meant yesterday
by "catching a game"?
Well, I figured we could get
our father-son soccer in
before you leave, and you could
see what it's like
to hang with the pros.Ah.
When I go to games,
I sit in the cheap seats.
Now you're on the pitch.
My friend used to own the team,
so he pulled a few strings.
Try this on.
[chuckles]
I always wanted one like this
when I was a kid.
And now you're an honorary
member of Atlantix FC.
[phone ringing, buzzing]
[scoffs]
Hey, shouldn't you get that?
Was it the hotel?
It was just our accountant.
Do they need you there?
Because we can go.
No, no, no, no, no.
The guy's just a stickler
for paying taxes on time.
What's the worst
that could happen, right?
I'm kidding.
I always pay on time.
Now, can we get
this game started?
Just have fun, okay?
Take advantage of having
a super successful
hotel-owning son.
You ready?
Dale.
HOST:
Now, tell us
a little bit
about this stunning creation.
This gorgeous design, also
available in aqua and ivory,
was designed for all of you
hard-working Dominoes.Mm-hmm.
You can go from day to
night by just switching
from a flat to a heel.
Mm-hmm. And it's
an incredible steal
at a price point of...[Alexis clears throat]
[nervous chuckle]
And a big FSN welcome
to Alexis Colby,
mother of the founder
of this network.
Wonder how she got this spot.
Sorry.
So, Alexis, tell the viewers
about your product.
You mean my groundbreaking,
anti-aging miracle cream
by Alexam?
Well, let's just say,
as old as these clothes
will make you look,
this cream will do the opposite.
FALLON:
Oh, look, it's Ellen.
I came down from corporate
when I saw this.
What exactly is going on?
Oh, it's a new strategy.
You see, as a personal
favor to me,
Dom has allowed Alexis
to come on for five minutes
during her show.
With the publicity that
Alexam already has,
they have a built-in audience,
so it's just about getting
that audience to see
Dom's clothes
and Dom's audience to see
the new beauty product.
Here, sit. Let's watch.
I wasn't finished yet.
[chuckling nervously]
Nobody is interested in
last decade's knockoffs.
What people really want
is radiant skin.
Always in fashion.
All right, well,
I'm gonna leave
before my arms get ripped off.
Ladies, this was fun.
Ugh! Is your cream supposed
to smell like this?
What's the scent, rotting milk?
[sarcastic laugh]
I think that's your own
failure you're smelling.
Or perhaps the musty odor
of the grandma
you stole these clothes from.
Well, at least I didn't put
two dollars' worth
of lotion in a jar and call it
a miracle. [chuckles]
Look at this shoddy stitching.
Ugh! What, did drunken elves
put this together?
Get your filthy hands
off my clothes.
Get your stinky nose
out of my business.
DOMINIQUE:
Gladly.
[laughs]
ALEXIS:
Take that!
Stinky,
moldy, moldy, blah!
Stinky!
So, Ellen, when do you think
I can expect that money
for my modernization plan?
[both shouting]
MICHAEL:
Liam?
Oh, hey.
Care to join the old, uh,
failed Hollywood screenwriter
for a snack?
Oh, stop it.
You're not a failure.
There is no movie without you.
It's true. But thanks to Nina,
there is no set with me.
Oh, yeah, I heard she
kind of banished you.
I got to be honest, man,
this isn't exactly
the experience I was expecting.
I get it.
Unless you're the director,
there's always someone who
outranks you in this business.
Yeah, well, it seems like
everyone outranks me.
Nina just gets
to play dictator?
Pretty much.
There's a reason
it sounds similar
to "director."
That is also why her name is
at the top of the call sheet.
Although technically Janelle
is number one on the call sheet.
You know, star power,
don't make eye contact.
All that.
Perfect.
Another person who can overrule
me without even looking at me.
[both laugh]
[groans]
Is it too early
to start drinking?
Absolutely not, especially
when it's on the house.
Jesse, a beer for
my friend, please.
Coming right up.
Come to the set tomorrow.
I'll work things out with Nina.
Okay?
Thanks, bud.
Yep.
Thank you.
So Dom gets to storm off,
but I have to stay?
I need to go do damage
control with Alexam
before Adam finds out
and has an aneurysm.
Youhave to do damage control?
I'm the one who owns
this network.
The one that you and Dom
just turned into
the Divas of WrestleMania
while the board had
a front-row seat.
I can't believe I put
my faith in you.
Oh, hold on.
You lied to me.
[scoffs]
You were never gonna
put me in this time slot.
I should have turned you down
and stayed focused
on my partnership with Adam.
Oh, I do not want to hear
another word about
your partnership with
my creepy brother.
Why are you the only one who
can't see him for who he is?
I never said he was perfect.
Why does his success matter
more than mine?
His success is my success,
but I try to
treat you both fairly.
You know what?
Forget it.
This is a great reminder
to never ask you for favors.
Oh...Unless, of course,
I frame you for murder, right?
Then you'll do
anything I want.
Fallon, I...
[groans]
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
I'm just not... in playing shape
at the moment.
Well, I hope we didn't
overdo it.
The chemo's taken
a lot out of me.
But I'm already feeling
a lot better.
I had a great time today.
Thank you for arranging it.
We can do this all the time.
[chuckling] I don't think
my knees could take it.
Well, I don't mean this
specifically.
I mean anything you like...
if you stay.
You know, I booked Oscar D'León
for a residency at the club.
Sam, as much as I love
the Lion of Salsa...
No, I know.
I know you miss home,
but you can visit there
and stay here.
I mean, there's still so much
more I want to do with you.
I have a list.
Do you want to see it?
Sam, Sam, please stop.
I need to tell you something,
and it's not easy.
I didn't stop my treatments
because I'm cancer-free.
I stopped them because
I still have it.
And the doctors say
that it's spread,
and there's nothing else
they can do for me.
No.
Why didn't you tell me?
We never should have
come here and played.
I think the cancer will
get me before the fútbol.
I'm dying, Samuel.
And I won't be a burden
on you in my last days.
I'm going back to Venezuela.
That should be right.
Hey. You can go now.
Excuse me?
Didn't the commissioner
call you?
You have the night off.
Look, I don't know who you are
or what you're talking about,
but my shift just started.
I don't get off
until midnight.
Oh, okay. I see
what's going on.
Hey...
No, no, no, no, no.
All I need you to do
is to, you know,
take a break somewhere else
while I unload some crates
from one of these trucks.
And then I'll be gone.
How's that sound?
Sir, you can't pay me off.
But you can donate
to my vacation fund.
All right, uh, can
we open this one?
Sure.
This came in yesterday.
Whatever it is,
it's perishable,
so we kept it temperature
controlled.
Did it perish?
Uh, honestly, I'm not sure.
Here we go. Yep, it's gone.
Thanks. That's really helpful.
Whatever it was,
it was surrendered to
a private entity
earlier this evening.
A private entity? Who?Doesn't say.
Moldy, moldy, blah![Blake laughing]
Oh, dear.
I, I'm assuming that you
saw this clown show.
Yep. Had a ringside seat.
I don't know what
to do with them.
They are two grown women
acting like spoiled brats.
I mean, how am I supposed
to be a good mother
if I can't even get
those two to behave?
Look, I may not have been
the best parent...
No argument here.
...but I did what I thought
was best for you
when you were younger,
and the fact that
you're so successful
is a testament
to how well I raised you.
Only you could start
by complimenting me
and finish by
congratulating yourself.
I hate to burst your
Father of the Year bubble,
but I had a lot to do
with my own success.
And where do you think you got
the confidence to think that?
Okay, we could do this
all day. What's your point?
Alexis and Dominique
need tough love.
Yeah, stop babying them.
Come on, you're in charge.
Do you remember when you
didn't want to go to school
because the tabloids ran that
ridiculous story about me
trying to drown your mother
when we were getting divorced?
You did try to drown her.
I'm talking about parenting,
not journalism. All right?
The point is,
I still made you go.
Yeah, and I was tortured
for weeks.
But you survived.
And you want to know why?
'Cause of tough love.
You're welcome.
You want some practice
being a good mother?
Find a way to get those two
bozos to work together
before they ruin your network.
NINA:
This is all your fault.
If you hadn't hired
your girlfriend,
we wouldn't have had to
cut the wardrobe budget
to afford her, and our star
wouldn't be refusing
to come out of her trailer.
We needed to hire
someone quickly,
or we would have
shut down production.
I saved us from falling behind.
And Sasha is good.
It's not my fault
Janelle is a diva.
Well, you're not helping,
and for a producer,
all you seem to produce
are new problems for me.
Oh, well, since you're
the director,
maybe you can direct her
out here.
Hey.
Janelle said she'll be
out in a few minutes.
When did you even get here?
Oh, I've been in
Janelle's trailer
listening to her concerns.
Look, she was unhappy about
the wardrobe budget,
but she was also upset
that her favorite scene got cut.
Let me guess, scene 17.
That's the one.
Look, but don't worry,
she loved my rewrite,
which solves one
of her problems.
Now it's up to you two
to solve the other.
I'm just the lowly writer.
Okay, I'm not thrilled about
how this whole thing went down,
but I'm also not gonna
alienate Janelle on day two.
Welcome back to set,
and don't go behind
my back again.
That was pretty badass,
going straight to the star.
Well, you gave me the idea.
I studied that call sheet
and I realized,
I mean, there's always
someone more important.
Mm-hmm.
Good thing it worked.
I know, right?[both laugh]
Hey, now that I'm allowed
on set,
you think you can get me
a chair with my name on it?
I got you, man.
[laughs]
SAM:
I can't believe
I got my real father back
just to lose him again.
But you got to spend
these past few weeks with him.
Would you rather have
never known him?
No, you're right.
I mean, I'll-I'll never forget
our time together.
It's just...
I don't want him to go
through this alone.
Is there anything
that we can do?Just name it.
Actually, there is.
Can I please borrow your jet
to fly Daniel back to Venezuela?
Yeah, I'll do you one better.
I'll go down with you
so you don't have
to fly back alone.
Thank you, Blake.
It means a lot.
Dr. Carrington.
You must be so excited about
Alexam's successful launch.
Yeah, I-I am. Thank you, uh...
Gabrielle.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, it's really nice to know
that someone recognizes
that I'm part of the company.
Oh, you're part of the company?
Oh, I just meant because
Alexis is your mother.
Are you sure you're
a part of the company?
Yeah. Yeah, Nurse, I am.
Alexam is literally my name
and my mother's name
put together.
And, oh, I came up with
the anti-aging formula.
Well, that's great.
But your mother,
she was just a hoot
on FSN last night.
Yeah, Alexis loves to put on
a good show for the public.
Not so much
in her personal life.
Oh, got a meeting.
Before you go,
is there any way
that I can get some free samples
of the miracle cream?
No.
[phone ringing, buzzing]
What'd you find out?
You've got to be kidding.
Yeah, okay. Thank you.
That son of a bitch.
I, uh, need to see a man
about a horse.
Or actually just call him
and make sure it got returned.
I heard about the horse.
It was something
you don't see every day.
A beautiful horse in front
of a beautiful hotel.
You know, Sam has worked
really hard
to make La Mirage
something special.
You must be very proud of him.
I am.
My son's achieved
the American dream.
Yeah, he's pretty amazing.
Look, I know the two of us
didn't get off
to the best start,
but I'm happy that you guys
have gotten close.
Sam wouldn't do this
for just anyone.
I appreciate you letting us
borrow the plane.
He insisted I couldn't
fly commercial.
I'm not talking about the plane,
I'm talking about him
staying with you in Caracas.
I know your son.
He's gonna stay in Venezuela
as long as he needs to.
That's not what I want.
He's got a life here
in Atlanta.
He's got his hotel to run.
He can't give it all up.
Sam's stubborn.
Well, there's something else.
I don't want him to go through
what comes next.
Yeah, I understand that.
But one thing that I can
definitely say about Sam
is that he's loyal.
And he's not gonna let you
face that future alone.
Not after all he's missed.
He's gonna stick by your side.
Doesn't matter what country
you're in.
Well, maybe it was
a mistake to leave.
Eh, if Sam's gonna take care
of me, we might as well...
Wait, is, is that Atlanta?
Yeah.
Thought you might have
a change of heart,
so I told the pilot
to circle the area
until you made up your mind.
I'll tell him we can land now.
Hey, what's going on?
Are we turning back to Atlanta?
Apparently we never left.
What...
Did you really book
Oscar D'León?
I think I might want
to stick around for that.
If that's okay with you.
[exhales]
DOMINIQUE:
Fallon,
I got your message.
Is Hoda here yet?
Not yet. But take a seat
and I'll fill you in.
ALEXIS:
I'm here!
I'm here. Has Dolly arrived yet?
[gasps]
How dare you
show your face after you tried
to sabotage me?
Look who's back, trying to jump
on the Dom-Mystique bandwagon.
You may have got to Brady,
but you are...Enough!
I need less fighting
and more help
from the both of you.
Now sit.
[clears throat]
The three of us need
to have a little talk.
And by that, I mean I need
to talk to the two of you,
and you need to sit down
and listen.
Yes.
Does this mean
Dolly is not coming?
She is not.
And neither is
Hoda. I lied.
I needed a reason to get the two
of you in a room together.
The truth is,
we can all help each other.
We just need to learn
a little lesson
about getting along with others.
We're not in
preschool, Fallon.
Yes, I know.
Not even preschoolers
would have behaved
the way you two did last night.
But for some reason,
viewers loved it.
We kept replaying the video,
and the sales numbers
just went up and up.
I can't explain
it. It must be
the same reason
people enjoy watching
videos of car accidents
or natural disasters
or Wheel of Fortune.
The viewers
love you guys together.
I think we know
who deserves the credit.I think we do.
FALLON:
So, here's how this is gonna go.
You will each have your
own respective shows,
but you will
also present together
on Saturdays twice a month.
And why shouldn't I take
my business elsewhere?
Because you're smart.
Your Dom-Mystique line
sold out in record time,
and you doubled
your fan base.
This will raise your profile
as a top-notch designer
even more if you can learn
to move on.
Fine. I'll present with her.
But only twice a month.
She literally just said that.Mm.
Lower your cut by five percent,
and I guess we have a deal.
[breathes deeply]
Okay. You can go now.
I have been thinking
about what you said before.
About Adam?
I don't care.
You can give him whatever
favorable treatment you want.
I don't want to hear any more
about your twisted relationship.
You were right.
I should have known how you felt
before you even had to say it.
I have been favoring Adam.
But in a way, it's your fault.
Of course it is.
It's your fault
because you're so successful.
You never seem
like you need any help.
Adam always does.
You're not wrong about that.I let you
do your thing.
Stay out of your way when I can.
Well, I appreciate that.
And if I'm being honest,
I have noticed a tiny bit
of personal growth in you
lately.Mm.
And, uh,
I think I could use your help.
I agreed to the new format.
No. No, no, no, no, no.
It's not... not the show.
It's just, you know...
When I have a baby...
...maybe you could be
a little useful.
[squeals]
All right. Okay.
Watch the eggs. Watch the eggs.
[chuckles softly]
SAM:
I'm so happy
you changed your mind.
You need to be surrounded
by people who love you.
I'm grateful
you never gave up on me,
Sam.
I'm gonna let the nurse
help you settle in.
I need to make a quick call.
Okay?
[speaking Spanish]
FALLON:
Oh, my God.
You're still working?
There are so many rewrites.
Nina loved my other
changes, though.
You should be careful
what you wish for.
Well, I guess
we can take a break
on the baby-making.
I just thought
that we should get to it
since I've had
so much parenting practice
with Alexis and Dom.
Oh, yeah, I saw that on FSN.
Looked like a disaster.Oh, it was.
Until the numbers came in,
and then it wasn't.
Now the board
will let me do whatever I want.
And what I want is you.
[chuckles softly][kisses]
Though I don't really need
board approval for that.
I need to finish
this one scene.
Well, if you skip that scene,
I'll show you my new lingerie
under this robe.
And I promise you
it's worth it.
Oh, man. My laptop just crashed.
[gasps]Guess I'll just
have to finish this
in the morning.
ADAM:
So, you're the one
who bought it?
Mm.
That private investigator
you hired works really fast.
That's what I pay him to do.
So, why do you need
my Bokocho shipment so badly?
Oh, I don't need it at all.
I just got it out of impound
to get your attention.
When I saw my old friend
Commissioner Defilippo
at the, uh, hospital,
I knew something was up,
so I gave her a call.Oh, I am so not donating
to her next campaign.
Well, I am.
Uh, which is why she told me
what you were looking for,
and considering
it's not even allowed
in the U.S.,
uh, she was more than happy
to make it disappear.
But don't worry.
I'll sell it to you
for less than wholesale
in exchange for getting me
in the Plenexia Pharma party.
What do you need at this party
that you're willing
to wreck my life?
You'll find out
as soon as you make this happen.
So, it's illegal, right?
Yeah, it's the most
logical explanation.
Look, I'm chief of staff.
I could go to prison
for aiding and abetting.
Come on, you didn't seem
too concerned about prison
when you were bribing
a customs official.
Yeah, but that was for me.
I'm trying to revolutionize
the skin care industry.
Good for you.
So, for us both
to get what we want,
looks like we both have to make
a deal with the devil.
Are you in or out?
I'm in.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org